The code should be run by just running the command “docker compose up -d” so that all necessary components including open webui, pipelines, Langflow, and n8n will be installed in the same container. This is important since the AI agent workflow integration, involving Langflow and n8n, requires the collaboration of all components. Once successfully deployed, open webui will load the Pipelines of Langflow and n8n so that users can access to the tool-using agent workflow developed by n8n and the multi-agent workflow for deep research developed by Langflow once they provide correct workflow API keys. Users will type 127.0.0.1:3000 to access to the open web ui interface. Then, users need to click the top right corner to choose Admin Panel > Settings > Pipelines to check if both Langflow and n8n Pipelines Valves, noted as Langflow_Agent_Bridge and n8n_Agent_Bridge respectively, are available. For n8n agent workflow, users need to type the webhook url and provide the n8n API key they own. For Langflow agent workflow, users need to type the Langflow base url, flow id, API key, and file download header (Authorization: Bearer <user-open-webui-api-key>). And then click the “Save” button to save the parameters. After the parameters are saved, the agent workflows are available to users. Users go back to the chatroom and choose the agent workflow as the model to interact with. When users send a message (input) to the chosen agent workflow, the Pipeline code will check if the API key provided with the user matches to that stored in the environment variable. If so, the user can continue accessing to the workflow. Otherwise, user access will be rejected by 401 Unauthorized.
The n8n agent workflow is a tool-using agent workflow for users to parse any request to the workflow through webhook request sent from Pipelines once users managed to pass the authentication using the API key they provide. The agent adopts tools like Crypto, Weather Forecasting, and Web Scrapping. The tools support agent’s functionality and the Open AI model, adopted by the agent, ensures the using of the tools.
The Langflow agent workflow is a multi-agent workflow that implements the open deep research proposed in github. The request for academic research topic will firstly be parsed to the research supervisor agent from Pipelines once users managed to pass the authentication using the API key they provide. If users’ query lacks clarity, the workflow will ask for further clarification to users first by suggesting in which areas users can clarify, such as the intended use, technical depth, aspects of interest, and presentation format. If users managed to provide sufficient details in the query without ambiguities, then, 3 researcher agents, connecting to the research supervisor agent, will investigate to assigned sub-topics of a designated academic topic using Tavily Search API. Gathering the results collected from the researcher agents, the research supervisor agent will pass the research findings to the language model specializing in writing the research report for a structure, comprehensive report to be revealed to users.
